Well, good morning, family. I appreciate
you joining me tonight. I
could say good evening, or I could say good
afternoon for some of you. I don't know;
it's all over the world. That's why
people go, 'You didn't say good
morning.'So,
I'm going to say good
morning, family. Thank you for joining
us again today. We'll talk about some
stuff. I won't make it too
long because it's already late. I've
been really busy today,
but I have a couple of things here for
you.
I'm really excited about
what our Secret Service uncovered
today. I believe that as a
result of our prayer, I truly do. As the
believing believer stands on the wall
and prays for this nation, we see
what I've told you in my spirit, what I
felt that the Lord was showing
us about something major.
This looks like they
stumbled upon something major as it
was announced today by
Homeland Security or
by Secret Service or whatever. That was
pretty amazing.
The
scheme, this plot, and this plan that
they were trying to do to communicate
secretly—I
said through back hidden
doors. Well, who knew it would be this
kind of a back hidden door? I was
like,
'Wow.'As
it was being talked about in the
media today, I told my wife,
'Isn't Jesus wonderful how
this was uncovered?'I guess I don't
want to say anything ever is an
accident—by
the hand of God, by the hand of God
moving in our behalf to try to
disrupt and cause great mass
confusion and all kinds of plots and
plans here. I believe in my
spirit, when I'm praying over this even
more today, that there's a lot more that
will be uncovered in the days ahead, even
with what they found. We will believe
God tonight as a family that whatever
else is out there, any other kind of
hidden networking or other kind of
apartment complex rooms or whatever, will
be found by what they found today and in
the past, whenever they found it. I
was trying to make sense of that, if
they found it today or if this was
something that they just decided to
announce today or whatever. But just
the whole,
all of it
given
nobody got hurt, and that there's going
to be a whole bunch of trails to go
out and find because they were even
saying, as you will hear in just a
minute, that there was a whole bunch of
foreign
governments that were involved in this
and all kinds of stuff. So, it's pretty
amazing. I don't know how many people
heard about what happened in New York
today. In the comment section, tell us,
did you hear about what happened in New
York today?
What
are they saying?
Oh, no, I don't know.
Nobody has a clue, huh? Well, how many
people are here right now?
2,700. Okay, go ahead and play the clip
of what was uncovered today in New York
City
and tell us if you can hear it.
'Sir, how are you?''Good. How are
you?''What
they uncovered was a major
network of telecommunications devices
that can be used anonymously and
encrypted. They can be used to shut down
cell towers. They could be used to
not allow access to EMS and 911. You see,
what we found when we went in there were
shelves of these SIM cards and SIM
servers that were used to run this
network. It can't be understated what
this system is capable of doing. Like
I said, it can take down cell towers so
then no longer can people communicate,
right? You can't use Waze, you can't use
text message, you can't use your cell
phone. And if you coupled that with
some sort of other event, right,
associated with an attack or, you know, use
your imagination there, it could be
catastrophic to the city. Definitely
nation-state,
foreign governments
communicating over that network to known
criminals in the United States and known
organized crime, known cartels,
and terrorist groups were using this
network to run their
communications anonymously and
encrypted. Let me just explain that this
is no longer a threat. We've taken this
network down. Could there be
others? Right. It would be unwise to
think that there are not other networks
out there being made in other
cities in the United States. And that's
going to be part of our investigation.
We're going to run down every single
lead. We want to identify, locate, and
take down these criminals that are
setting up these networks. My message to
them is: if you're involved in this,
we're coming for
you.'Did
you see all of those SIM cards and
how it was all linked together? And
even in the news
article, they said this was
funded very well. It was
funded. I can't even imagine
what that cost, but a major, major, major
something here was uncovered
today. This was not just a normal,
small-minded person doing this; this is
somebody who is pretty smart to hook all
that up. They knew what they were doing
and for it to be encrypted so that they
could hide and communicate with this and
that nobody could hear what they were
saying. Remember, I told you, every time
I'm praying in the spirit, I hear back
rooms. They're able to bypass so
that they're not able to be seen or
heard.
Well,
as we hear in part, see in part, and as
we're praying into this, look,
just like the man said—I don't know who
that man was, but that is very
thought out. And I don't know how long
that's been going on, but what he was
saying was, and even in the article
that Diana was reading to me, that
they had the capability
to text everyone in the United States of
America within 12 minutes. Everyone
in the United States of America could
receive a text message within 12 minutes
from
this machine, whatever that was,
that they could push the button and it
would send a text message
or
have so much texting going on from
that area that it would actually
affect
the whole infrastructure of the city
of New York, so that if
there was a major event that took place,
some kind of activity, it would make
it impossible for people to reach the
911 operators to ask for help.
They could jam up the police
station and all this stuff with that
machine that you saw there.
All glory to God, folks, that
that was uncovered and that was
brought to justice today, and that
God is—I'm telling you, prayer
changes things.
As we intervene by praying in the
spirit, I told you we are called to pray
and that the power of prayer will change
things. And I see this as an answer to
prayer today, that we see what I told you,
praying over those five major cities.
One of them was New York, as I told you.
And the Lord said, 'As you pray, you
will change things and the course of
things.'And
I believe God is raising us
up for such a time as this. And that's
why he said, 'If you try to shut the
watchmen's
mouths up as we call to prayer—a
call to
prayer, a call to repentance, a call to
seek
Jesus—they're
only hurting
themselves.'So,
we see a result of prayer today. I
just believe that. And there's much more
to follow. I believe as they go through
those SIM cards, in the article they said they
have to go through all 100,000
SIM cards. I'm like, that's
100,000 cell phones. I mean, each SIM
card represents a cell phone. So, if
they go through, they said they'll have
to go through each one and they'll be
able to see the text messages and all
the things that were said secretly
through each phone number that was all
intertwined into a major scheme.
So, isn't that amazing what God did
today? I just want you all to know the
Lord is on the throne.
He is up there, and I'm telling you,
it may be—I was just like, 'Thank you,
Father.'I
know in my spirit there's
more. I know in my spirit that
there'll be more in the days ahead that
will be uncovered. This is just the
beginning of the first domino of what
we're doing in prayer, that we're able to
uncover and expose the plan of the
wicked. Isn't that awesome? So much more
to follow in the name of Jesus.
There
is
no rock that's big
enough for them to hide under;
all hidden things will be revealed
by prayer. And as we pray and fast and
seek the Lord, He said, 'If my people, who
are called by my name, will humble
themselves and pray and turn from their
wicked ways, then we will hear from
heaven, and He will heal our land.'And I
believe this is—like I said, I keep
saying it over and over again—number two
of what happened. Today, we see President
Trump going to the UN. And you know, they
tried to dishonor him by even turning
the escalator off, so he
would not be honored with
that escalator going up. They turned it
off right when he stood there getting ready
to get on. I said, 'That's not a coincidence.
Somebody was being rude,
making
our First Lady walk up those stairs
like that.'I said, 'Whoever did that
should be fired immediately.'I know that
was on purpose. You know that was on
purpose, because that kind of stuff doesn't
just happen by accident. The
President of the United States just
walks up to it and they just turn the
escalator off? I said, 'Come on now.
It's just immature
crap.'We
see that happen to him, and,
whatever. And then they
turned off his teleprompter so he
had to speak from the heart, which
I think is funny to see him speak like
that when he's up there
telling all those other nations they are
going to hell. I thought
some of the things he says are really
funny. Do you have that clip? You
guys can't laugh because I'll start
coughing.
Do you have that son? We
were laughing about it because he was so
bold today. You know, he was
unscripted because he didn't read off
that teleprompter. Is it there?
Who saw him say that?
Did anybody else hear him say that?
Well, the bottom line is he stood with
Israel. And that's what we were
praying and believing God for,
that
our nation will stay a
sheep nation in the name of Jesus. And
so we believe that as we bless Israel,
the blessing of the Lord comes upon our
land. I didn't say an administration. I
said, 'As the nation of America stands
with Israel, I believe there's a
blessing behind it.'Listen, it's funny
what he says here.
Do you have it?
Yeah.
'Filled with so-called asylum seekers who
repay
kindness. And that's what they
did. They repaid kindness with crime.
It's time to end the failed experiment
of open borders. You have to end it now.
See, I can tell you, I'm really good at
this stuff. Your countries are going to
hell.
In America, we've taken bold action to
swiftly shut down uncontrolled
migration. Once we started detaining and
deporting everyone who crossed the
border and removing illegal aliens from
the United States, they simply stopped
coming. They're not coming anymore.
We're getting a lot of credit, but
they're not coming
anymore.'He's
just funny. I think it's funny. You
know, when you don't
have a teleprompter, you start just
talking. He's just funny. I mean, I
don't know. Some of you might not think
that's funny, but I think it's funny.
But
we saw him stand behind Israel today. We
saw him stand by what I knew in my
spirit that he would do, warning
the other people and them
saying, 'We need to have peace
in Gaza. We need to have peace in these
areas.'But
he's like, 'We need
to release the hostages that they've
been holding for over—going on, I don't
know, is this three years? Two, three
years.'It's
ridiculous. These men and women
who
are still being held—I think he
said twelve of them—they should be with
their families in the process of
peace. And then they
asked, 'Should NATO countries
shoot down Russian planes or
whatever if they cross over into areas
they shouldn't?'And he said,
'Yes.'So,
you know, there's a lot of escalation
there. What I told you I feel will
turn into World War III in the days
ahead. I pray that it does not. I
pray for peace over the whole world. But
we know what the Bible says, that there
will
be escalations of wars and
rumors of wars. There will be plagues,
pestilences,
and
all these things. But
this is the beginning of sorrows,
and the Lord told us this was coming.
So, we're seeing it unfold. But as we
prayed last night, does anybody remember
what was said in last night's prayer
time
that was glorious? I'll go right into
that real quick, and we'll talk about
some other things and pray for a
little bit.
Last night, I saw the cloud,
and the cloud started to build. It was
the size of a car at the time when I
first saw it on
the edge of heaven. I could see it
start
to grow,
and the cloud began to grow with
such intensity and so quickly that it
started to fill up the whole
area of the vision. It looked like a
raincloud, but it got
larger and larger and larger.
I could see it, and it was taking
shape. All of a sudden,
drops of rain started to fall,
and you could see the rain falling in
the rays of the light coming from behind
the cloud. I could see the rain
begin to fall,
just starting to sprinkle.
But I heard the sound of an abundance of
rain upon the nations of this earth.
And all of a sudden, I could hear the
rain in the spirit realm, and you could
smell it. You could feel the rain
falling upon me. I could feel it as it
was raining. And He said, 'I looked at
Africa, and I could see the African
people. They were in tribal
outfits, and they had
their hands
raised,
worshiping the Lord.'And some
of them were twirling. And as they were
doing that, I saw the rain pouring down
on them in Africa as they were
worshiping. I could see
the water running down their faces and
all down their arms and their bodies.
And I could see the rain of the Holy
Spirit raining down on them. It was
coming. It was in their mouth; it was on
their lips. And I could see the rain,
and they were saturated with the
presence and the glory of the Lord. And
their skin began to shine as the glory
was on their faces and the rain was
there. And I heard the Spirit of the
Lord say, 'This is the former and the
latter rain together, and another wave
of the glory is coming upon
the nations of the earth.'I saw then
the rain begin to spread throughout
everywhere: Asia, South America,
America, and it was glorious.
And I could hear the rain. And that's
whenever I kept hearing Him say, 'Can these
bones live?
Can the dry bones of
the
spiritually dead live? Can the dry bones
of the spiritually dead live? The
seeker-friendlies,
the lukewarm, can these
bones live?'The Lord was saying again, as
I could hear the sound of a mighty
waterfall, just like
when
you hear rain in the
distance and it's just
pouring—you
just hear it, I could hear it—and He
said, 'The rain's coming. It's no longer
coming, son; it's here.
It's no longer coming, son; it's
here.'That's
what the Lord said. 'You'll start
to see the first drops.'Even when it
was with Charlie's funeral, his
homegoing service, He said, 'You're
seeing the first drops fall. You're
seeing the first drops fall of a great
outpouring of My Spirit upon all flesh.
You're going to see what you never
thought you—I mean, what you've always
dreamed you would see.'But as I was
looking,
the Lord allowed me to see pressure.
Persecution comes for His name's sake. I
saw Canada. I saw the freedom to
be able to say what you want to say.
Even in our country, the First
Amendment, the right to freedom of
speech being challenged in the days
ahead
on social media platforms. But mainly in
this vision, I saw it being challenged
in Australia and in Canada.
And I saw an olive press. And as the
olive press was pressing the
olives, I saw it being
tightened and tightened and tightened.
And as the olive press was pressing down
upon the olives, it was springing forth
beautiful olive oil. And this was
a
representation, I believe, of a new
outpouring and a new
pressure on
the church. Out
of the pressure
of
persecution
came beautiful, fresh olive oil.
I saw great darkness. I
saw great trial for some,
testing your faith, being persecuted for
your faith in a way that
this generation, a lot of Western
society, would not be familiar with,
compared to what maybe the Far East
has
experienced: a great persecution
from China, from the
Iron Curtain that's on North Korea, the
darkness that tries to suppress
Christianity all around the world, from
Iranian Christians that are
tortured and murdered
without any kind of sympathy at all.
And I saw that a lot of people think if
they're persecuted in a comment
section—which
I have been in the past,
and
I don't even read
them
anymore—but
through persecution, through these
keyboard warriors,
the Lord said that's not true
persecution compared to
when you're dragged down the
street by a motorcycle driving down
the street at 35 or 40 miles an hour and
you're being dragged to death. That's
great persecution, do you understand? Or
losing your head for what you
believe. That's persecution. That's
martyrdom. And that's what the Lord was
showing me: the Western culture
doesn't understand that kind of
persecution.
But as your freedom of speech
and other areas are tested in the
days ahead, I saw great pressure coming
from Canada upon the citizens
in the days ahead. And I saw an olive
pressing,
and I saw the church
going through a metamorphosis
of growth spiritually.
But as you take for granted the very
freedoms that you have on a day-to-day
basis, when that freedom is challenged
and
you're called to stand for
something and make a choice, versus being
a coward and hiding behind
something—either
you stand for something or you
lose it.
Either you get a backbone like a crowbar
or you lose it.
And the Lord showed me persecution
coming upon the church in Europe,
persecution coming to the churches
because of people being lukewarm,
not standing for what they believe,
and
taking things for granted.
You will not be able to take for granted
what you truly believe: pastors, great
influencers.
It was sad what I was seeing,
but I saw a Holy Ghost church rise up
out of their slumber.
I saw a church rise up and say,
'Enough's enough.'And they stood for
what they believed in, and they weren't
cowards
anymore. It's kind of like Tommy
Hicks'vision.
If you go back to Tommy
Hicks'vision
and read
about the glorious church, a giant in
the land rises up because the
Lord points the glory hand at
him, and the giant rises up, and the body
comes together and starts moving as one
body instead of a bunch of rogue people
like Rambo. The body comes together, and
I told you what the Lord said to me, that
you will see in the days ahead the body
of Christ move as a body.
It will no longer be, 'Well, you're
Baptist, I'm Methodist, I'm Church of
Christ, I'm Catholic, you're
this.'No,
it was a body joining together with
one purpose and one cause, and that's to
tell everybody that Jesus Christ is
coming and it's time to repent and turn
from your wicked ways.
And I saw a glorious church rising. I
saw a great revival coming from sea to
shining sea all around this world. We're
about to see the greatest harvest of
souls this world has ever seen before.
And we're going to see an outpouring of
the Spirit of God like we've never seen
before, and great
manifestations and demonstrations of the
glory.
But it will come when the church—I saw a
great shaking is what I'm trying to tell
you. I saw a great shaking to awaken,
and the church starts to wake up, and the
giant takes form.
And there's brush harbor churches. I saw
the old tent
revivals
coming back.
I saw, like Mario Murillo, you know, he
does these tent meetings, I saw tent
meetings coming back and
a
Holy Ghost Woodstock coming.
Not people smoking dope,
but high in the glory, just
saturated in the presence of God to the
point where the glory is so strong you
don't want anything else other than
just to spend that time at His throne,
sold out.
I know a lot of people are disappointed
today because they thought they were
going home. They thought the rapture was
coming today. A lot of people did.
But I'm trying to tell you all, it's time
to shake that off now.
And it's time to put on your armor in full
capacity and let's get busy about our
Father's business—a rally of the troops
to say, 'Let's occupy until He comes,
and stop with the nonsense. Let's get
busy about our Father's business and
bring in the greatest harvest of souls
this world has ever seen before.
Let's make Dad proud.
Let's let Him say, "Well done, thy good
and faithful
servant."It's
time for us to do
this.'There's
too much
prophetic static.
There's too much clutter in the air, too
much confusion.
It's time for you to go Holy Ghost
inward and seek Him.
Find Him for
yourself—not
the Holy Ghost on Brandon, or on a
Billy Burke, or on a Joseph, or any
of these others. Find the Holy Ghost for
yourself.
And the Bible says that when you seek
Him, you will find Him.
He said, 'My people will know my voice.
My sheep will know my voice, and a
stranger's voice they will not
follow.'And
I truly believe when you're truly
His and you're sold out, you're going to
hear Him, and you're not going to hear
all this static in the air and all this
confusion that's going on right now.
There's a lot of people that are very
discouraged because of what they
believed
so strongly was going to happen today.
But we're into tomorrow in just a
couple of hours here,
especially in Central and Eastern it's
already happened, and in Israel it's
already the 24th.
I'm not here to poke at you.
I'm here to encourage you that we have
to keep fighting.
You have to keep your head up.
You cannot let down your guard
and get discouraged and be weary
in
well-doing.
We must stand and fight the fight. We
must stand and say,
'Hey, listen, it's time to take the
baton and run with it, and forget the
nonsense. We must finish the race and
have a great victory.'Let's do it for
our Dad. Let's do it for Jesus.
He's our heavenly Father and He loves
us.
Let's do it for our heavenly Father, and
let's do it with great victory. Ladies
and gentlemen,
I tried to warn you what He told me over
and over and over again.
I hope that encourages you at the same
time, that He said, 'I've saved the best
for last. Here, my warriors, these
are
the closers. You are the closers
of the game.'You are the closers. This
generation will not taste death before
the Son of Man returns. I believe with
all my heart that this is the generation
that won't taste death. I believe that
we are the closers.
Is it time yet? No. The gospel must be
preached throughout all of the world as
a witness.
Do you understand? North Korea hasn't
had an opportunity to hear it.
A lot of those people have never heard
about it.
There's 42 million
or more, whatever it was, of North
Koreans that have never had the
opportunity to hear about Jesus Christ.
That's not fair. How many people in
China have never heard about it?
How many people have really truly
got to sit down and have a major
move of God on their life?
And the Lord said to me He's giving a
window of opportunity for the Asians,
for there will be a major harvest of
souls in the Asian community that
is going to look like a major
tidal wave of the glory that's about to
hit Asia. And it will start in
Japan and in South Korea, North Korea.
It's going to spread like a Holy Ghost
lava that's going to go all over, and
people's lives are going to be forever
changed. I saw the Middle East. I saw
India. I saw a major harvest of souls
all throughout India, over Vietnam,
and over the Philippines. I'm telling
you, the greatest move of God this world
has ever seen is about to hit
this planet in a way that's going to be
a tidal wave of the presence of the
glory of God.
'Well, I've heard that before.'No, I'm
telling you,
when I had my time today,
I can't get into the depth of what was
said because it was private for me and
my wife, but the glory filled my car. I
had to pull over. And whenever I pulled
over,
Diana could smell Him, could smell the
fragrance. She said, 'I smell
it.'I
started speaking, and I gave the word,
and Braden, we were all in
awe
of the glory and the weight of the
presence of God in our car today.
And I just sat there and listened to
what the Father was saying as we took
notes because He told us the next phase,
because it began today on the 23rd,
from
Rosh
Hashanah.
He said, 'As the
trumpets blow on the Feast of Trumpets,
I blow My trumpets for you,
son.'And
I could hear the horns. I could hear
the sound.
I sat there in awe as my Father...
Do you understand? He loves you.
I sat in awe at what He was saying
today.
A great tidal wave of the glory is here.
It's no longer coming. It's time for you
to tap into it for yourself.
Stop the static,
prophetic
telephone-to-telephone.
Get a touch from
Jesus for yourself.
'Jesus, I'm thirsty.
Jesus, I'm hungry.
I need more of You, God. I need a
revelation of who You are.'You're
wall-to-wall,
Holy Ghost. And I
know I hear them say, 'You
are not going to get more of
God. You already have all
that you have.'But He knows what I'm
saying.
'I need you to have more of Me'is what
I hear. But I just want more.
I want greater revelation. I want a
greater touch. I want a greater fire on
my life.
He came to set the captives free by the
blood of the Lamb and by the word of
your testimony. Do you understand? He
doesn't want you bound by the devil's
works anymore. He said, 'Great
deliverances are about to take place, and
you're going to see people that were
bound by things, and it's
time. It's time now. Tonight's the night
for your expiration date for what you've
been believing for. It's time to start
believing for bigger.
It's time to come up higher in your
capacity of belief.
Stretch yourself
as we close out 2025,
getting ready to go into 2026.
We've got three more months of this
beautiful year left
that God has graced us with.
Three months. This is the fourth quarter.
What will you do in the fourth quarter? It's
the closer of the year. You've got three
months—like,
90 days
left, 100 days left
before the Lord would bring us
another beautiful year of our
Gregorian calendar, right? So I want
you to believe God, as we start the new
Jewish New Year right now,
believe God for your exceedingly
abundantly above all that you dare ask
or think. As you close out the rest of
our year,
believe for big.
There's nothing too big, and there's
nothing too small. Jesus Christ
paid the price for it all.
Believe God for
big.
Inspire yourself. Stir yourself up.
Don't let what one prophetic guy
missed make you get all disappointed and
say,
'Well, I'm just devastated.
No, I'm just having the hardest
time. I wanted him to come
back.'So,
occupy until He comes, soldier.
Brush off the dust and keep
marching. Onward, soldier. Keep
marching. Occupy,
take the land,
be like the children of Israel. Don't
say, 'We're the size of
grasshoppers in their eyes. There
are
giants in the
land.'Say,
'No. Who is this uncircumcised Philistine
who tries
to defy the
armies of the living God? I'm taking the
head off this giant.'You either have a
boldness and a can-do attitude, or you're
going to get defeated. The enemy is
running around looking for
whom he can devour.
Can he devour you?
You're going to have to get bolder.
You're going to have to become wiser.
You're going to have to seek Him more.
You're going to have to thirst more.
You're going to have to weep more.
You're going to have to sit at His
throne more and say, 'Jesus, I'm here. I
need You.
I'm here to stand on the wall
tonight to tell you we have work to
do.'That's
what my main
voice was: to yell as loud as I could at
this time, as I knew this day was coming.
That this is the point of no return.
You can feel it. Can you feel it? Tell
me in the chat if you can feel there's
something different about today.
As we heard Donald Trump on the 23rd,
the point of no return, defend Israel,
and state that as
America, we will stand behind the
fig tree.
He didn't
say that directly, but that's what he
was saying.
Do you understand what that means?
I told you to
watch—even
last night when the Lord was giving us
the words, He said, 'Watch the fig
tree. Watch
what happens with Israel in the next
week or so.'There were enemies on all
sides of them.
There were storms on all sides
of them. Everyone in the world
seems to be coming against them, and
there was a storm all around
them, and I saw a great storm coming. But
as I saw it, I saw a massive hand come
down and scoop those bad guys
up—people
that were coming—and I saw God
defend His people in a way that will
shock and awe
the whole world.
Am I defending some of their actions?
No.
Am I defending a government? No. I'm
defending the people,
the name of Israel. And Israel is
forever.
Israel is forever.
And I do not believe in replacement
theology. And if you do, you're not on
the right channel.
You might as well unsubscribe and move
on. If you believe in that, I do not.
I believe that Israel is forever, and
that God has His hand upon Israel, and I
stand for the peace of Jerusalem. I
stand for the people. I stand for
praying for the peace of Jerusalem.
We make a stand where there needs to be a
stand, and believe God for big for a
major move of God.
So, do y'all have any questions about
last night before we move on and start
praying? Once we start praying, I'm
going to pray and see if the Lord shows us
anything. And after that, I'm closing
because I'm going to go. But it's
already 10 o'clock.
Do you have anything?
'You saw
Africa?'Yep,
I saw Africa. I saw a great move of
God on Africa. A great move of God.
Yep, it was beautiful. Oh, and I saw a
major earthquake taking place in British
Columbia again. And it shook
Seattle. It shook British Columbia,
and it was devastating again. I keep
seeing this. I keep seeing a volcano
erupting in the ocean. I saw hundreds
of thousands of dead fish laying
everywhere. There
were so many that they had to have suits
on to scoop up the dead fish, and they
were putting them in bags and trying
to get rid of all the dead fish.
It was something biblical.
It was very nasty.
So,
'Ontario, Canada
Adams.'Yeah,
I believe Adam's lease. I don't
know, I'm praying about that. I believe
it. I believe something major happened
today with that. I'm still praying over
it, y'all. I'm telling you, I saw that
in
24 hours everything was going to
change.
Everything would start to change.
From that point on, the birthing pains
would be at the point of no return.
That's what He said: 'the point of no
return and a great
acceleration.'There's
no more epidural; it's time to
push. And that's what we would see come
today. We would start to see the point
of no return. And I believe, even with
the speech that was made today at the
UN, it goes along with everything. You
can't schedule that. Do you
understand?
Do you not see the hand of God in that
concerning the fig tree today in
the United States saying what they said?
It's happening.
So, it's exciting.
Do you agree? Isn't it wonderful? I
mean, seriously, folks, we're at a time
we've all been believing for and
dreaming of. I just believe it.
So, let's just take communion and pray
for a little bit. You want to pray?
Father, we just thank you, Father, for
the body. We thank you, Lord, for all
that you've done. We thank you, Lord,
for visitations from heaven. Thank you,
Lord, that I've been to heaven, this
guy. I've been to heaven for
this book. I thank you, Father, for
authentic things. We thank you, Lord
God, that we're expecting a
move in this earth. We're expecting a
move in the earth, a harvest of souls
in these end times,
and we believe we receive it.
We believe we receive it. We believe
we're the closers. And Father, we
believe that this is a time like
never before that we will soar on the
wings of eagles and we will
bring all glory to Jesus
in these last days,
like what Billy always
said, to
deflect the glory to you, Lord.
And we take this body in the name of
Jesus and we lift it up before you, Lord,
and we thank you, Lord, that we're healed,
and we're so thankful for
communion.
We're so thankful for communion, Lord.
We're so grateful, Father, for
communion.
We're so thankful, Father, for all that
you've done and all that you're going to
do in the name of Jesus.
And we take the blood and we apply the
blood of Jesus over every single one of
us tonight. We apply the blood of Jesus
and we make much of the blood and the
blood makes much of us. We apply the
blood all around our houses. We apply
the blood over our families. We apply
the blood over our children. We apply
the blood over our workplace where we go
to work, over our churches that
there'll be a great revival starting
with us. And we take the blood of Jesus
right now in the name of Jesus, and we
give you all the glory. Amen and amen.
Thank you, Lord.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and
tell of his love, his wonderful love.
We give all of the glory to Jesus
and tell of his wonderful love. Do you
believe that? It's time.
I'll tell you more about what I saw
about Jesus if you want to know more
about that visitation,
and I can go into more
detail about it. I realize there's
so many new faces that
are coming here all the time
that don't hear all the
visitations that I've had—the angelic
visitations pushing us in the truck when
we ran out of gas on the side of the
road. Fifty
percent
haven't heard of the angel pushing a
truck down. How high?
Wow,
52% now.
Fifty-two
percent
never heard that.
Fifty-three.
I'll just tell it now. There's
too many of y'all who hadn't heard that.
Fifty-five
now.
No joke. Okay, well, we'll hear about
it. You want to listen? Okay. It was about...
I was driving down Covell and I-35.
I just passed Covell on I-35,
like I was talking last time, and I was
headed towards Guthrie, Oklahoma, and it
was right before you got to Waterloo. It
was in between Covell and
Waterloo, and
I was driving down the road.
It was about 97 degrees outside, and it
was hot, hot, hot. And my wife was pregnant
with our third child, and she was
big and pregnant.
This is whenever you're
getting miserable. And
we were going down the road
and my old truck, the gas gauge was
broken
on it, so you never knew when it was
full or empty. And I was coming
back from the church, and I had just
finished cleaning and polishing
the floors, and it was hot. There
was no air conditioner in this thing.
I had the windows down and all of
a sudden, the truck shut off.
I pulled over to the side of the road,
and it wouldn't start. It was completely
dead. It ran out of gas,
and I was like, 'Oh Lord,'because my
pregnant wife's in the car. I got my
other two. Megan's really at this time
really overcoming bad autism stuff, and
Braden's little.
So they were just little,
and
I was just praying in the Spirit,
grabbed the wheel of my truck, and I just
started praying, 'Oh, God,
send me... I need help. I can't
leave
my family in this truck and walk down
the road.'And it was hot.
So, all of a sudden, I feel this... I'm
pulled over, and I feel this bam,
and everybody's head yanked
forward.
I thought we had been
rear-ended,
that's how hard we were yanked.
And all of a sudden, I see this angel
with these massive wings spread out like
Angels in the Outfield. I'm talking like
massive wings. And he was full face,
chunky-looking
in my opinion,
a
thick dude,
massive structure of a guy. And this was
not George, mine. This was one, and he had
a robe on. He was
gorgeous.
And he grabbed a hold of the back of my
truck and he started pushing me and my
family in that truck, and we started
going. Diana goes, 'Oh God,
oh!'And
the kids... we were freaking out. I
grabbed a hold of the steering wheel,
but... and this is amazing. The truck's
off. This is supernatural.
I start going on the side of the road, on
the shoulder, going faster and faster
from a dead stop, all the way up to 70
miles an hour. I turn this blinker on to
get onto the highway because I'm freaking
out at this time, like shock and
awe.
And we start passing people in the
left-hand
lane going down the road,
all the way down for two and a half
miles, from
Covell
all the way there. So it's
about two and a half miles.
We go all the way down to... there's a gas
station at Waterloo. I turn right,
get off the highway. We stop at the
stoplight there. You'll see it if you
want to verify it.
Go and stop at the stoplight. And he
pushes us through the stoplight again.
He
starts pushing us again.
Go through it,
go to the gas station. And as
we get into the gas station, he yanks
the back of the tailgate and stops the
truck in front of the pump. And we just
started screaming and he disappeared.
We just started screaming, 'Glory to
God! Glory to God!'But our windows were
down because it was hot, and everybody at
their pumps were looking at us, going,
'What's going on?'because they could
hear us screaming and rejoicing. And the
other people at the pumps... I didn't
care. I was just freaking out, and the
people were looking at us like,
'What is wrong with these people?'because they
were hearing my kids.
Megan was yelling already because she
was yelling because we were yelling,
because
Megan's overcoming, but
Braden was laughing, we were all
screaming, and everybody was cheering
and yelling. And it was glorious
as God took care of us in that moment,
and it was just one of those
moments that... it was shock and
awe
when God comes through and takes care of
you.
Something you don't earn and something
you don't deserve. It's just the grace
of God.
It's just the grace of God. And it was
one of those moments that impacted,
I believe, Braden.
Oh yeah.
You tell him.
Yeah. 'Well, yeah, I looked and
you're lifting your foot up off
the pedal, off the gas,
because
you weren't even pushing on the gas
at all. The whole car was
off.'It
was
a...
yeah,
I'll never forget it. I'll never forget
it. And to have power
steering...
I'm not a mechanic, but I was
able to get on the highway and
everything, and the truck was off. And
I
still don't understand how
it all happened. My mind can't wrap
around it still. How did that happen?
How did you go down the highway with a
truck going in supernatural?
How do you do that?
How does something like that happen? And
most people say, 'Well, that's a made-up
story.'No,
it is real. It really
happened.
It's one of those ones that I want to
watch back when I get to heaven. If
there's a replay reel of what your life
was and everything,
I want to rewind it and just say,
"I remember when you did that for me.
I remember when you did that for me."Those
are—that's
one of those
stacking rocks. You know how the
children of Israel had a stacking rock
experience, and every time they
wanted to make a monument, like
a memorial or whatever, for what God
did for them at that point in time, they
stacked rocks.
And I had our stacking rock
experience
at that moment when God came through for
me, and it's one of those moments that
I'll never forget. Similar to whenever I
stepped on the dog and killed that dog by accident—it
belonged to
my little girl—and God
brought it back to life.
I stepped on that dog and
crushed it.
Guts
popped all out the side. Blood
squirted out of his nose,
and we put it outside
because
the ground was frozen. It was
snowing. I got it for Christmas.
We were dog breeders, we had
puppies, and that was our brand-new dog.
And we were getting this dog for
Paisley
for her Christmas,
and I stepped on the dog and
squashed it to death,
to make a long story short. And my
little girl said, "Are you not going to
pray for that dog to get up from the
dead,
Daddy?"And
I had lost it. I cussed. I acted a
fool. I used so many bad words that
night that I probably made a sailor
turn red. I'm just being real with you.
I acted a fool.
And at that moment, I was broken
because I was yelling at everybody. I
was yelling because I killed this dog. I
freaked out. I lost it.
I was embarrassed by my actions. So, my
little girl came back to say, "Daddy,
will you pray for that dog to get up
from the dead?"And I said, "Honey,
God ain't going to hear me right now for
how I just acted.
God would never listen to me,
hon."I
said, "My faith is not there.
I'm
embarrassed."She
said, "Daddy, all things are
possible to him who believes.
Daddy, all things are possible to him
who
believes."I
said, "Well, Paisley, then you use your
faith because Daddy's isn't
there."So,
she ran up and down the hall
just praying as loud as she
could in tongues, praying in the spirit,
"Oh God, bring my dog
back."I've
never been challenged like
that before in my life.
I sat in the back of the room with the
door closed, just feeling sorry for
myself because I just squashed
her
dog to death and acted a fool,
embarrassed by my actions on Christmas.
I told my wife, "Put that dog in
a shoe box, and I'll bury it tomorrow,
but just set it out there next to the
trash. Put it on top, because the can was
full of boxes already because of
Christmas packages and stuff."So, she put
the box up on top. She did. And it was
cold, and it had snowed outside. It was
probably about 3 inches of
snow on the ground, or whatever it was,
and it was frozen. It was really
cold, and I thought, "Man, I'm going to go
out there in the snow and dig a
place, but I'll do it
tomorrow."So,
she put that dog in the shoe box
because
my kids got some shoes for Christmas,
and she put that out there
and she was going and gathering up the
rest of the gift-package trash and
stuff around the house. And she went out
to go put the rest of
the trash outside in the can, and
when she did, the dog was gone.
She came back and said, "Brandon,
that puppy's gone."Because we had a lot of
neighborhood cats and we had raccoons
and things, I had thought that maybe
one of those varmints or whatever took
that dead puppy and got
rid of it, you know, like trying to
eat it or whatever. Sorry, just being
real.
And
she went back out there and was looking
around, and she heard this
squeaking in the
bottom of the can.
And she looked down there, and that dog
was on both its back
feet
trying to get out of that can, and
it
was alive.
All restored, with no blood on it at all,
completely healed and touched by the
power of God.
She grabbed ahold of that little dog
and brought it inside.
And my little girl started
screaming, "I told you, Daddy! All
things are possible to him who believes.
I told you, Daddy. I told
you."And
I said, "Oh,
God."My
wife got that towel and wrapped that
dog up and blow-dried that dog and got it
hot because it was cold.
And I held that dog in my hand. I held
that dog in my arm. And I sat there, and
I said, "Baby, I'm so
sorry."I
repented. But at that
moment,
the Lord spoke to me and said, "Brandon,
even on your best day, your righteousness
is as filthy rags to me.
Your righteousness is as filthy rags to
me.
In the natural, you are never going to
be good enough to do what you think you
should do.
Only by His blood and by His grace are
you ever. Do you understand?
Self-righteousness is as filthy rags.
Self-righteousness is as filthy
rags."It
checked me.
But it had nothing to do with me; it was
a little girl's faith.
But He was looking at my heart. And what
I was saying is like
trying to add everything up,
and you think because you fast and you
pray and you don't have this flesh out
that you're qualified.
"Well, I'm qualified today because
I haven't said any bad words. I haven't
thought any bad thoughts. I haven't done
anything wrong in the natural. Right?
So, that qualifies me to raise the
dead."But
your righteousness, even on your
best day, is as filthy rags.
It's all by the grace of God, any day of
the week.
Do you understand? Even on your best
day.
And that's what He was trying to show me
that day: no matter how much you
freaked out, you're still not good
enough, even if you hadn't.
Faith of a mustard seed will move a
mountain.
mountain. Childlike faith.
The heart of a child.
And I saw the heart of a child that had no
guile,
no doubt.
Even when she saw her daddy yelling
and all these things, she said,
"Daddy, will you just believe?
Will you just believe?
All things are possible
to him who believes,
Daddy."And
it challenged me that night
because I saw the grace of
God—something
you can't earn and something
you don't deserve—come through that day.
You understand?
God is a good God, and the devil's a bad
devil.
And I thought, you know, a lot of times
you think, "Well, it's because I've
fasted today. Well, I read an extra book
today. Well, I spent more time today in
tongues, so that qualifies
me."So,
have you ever heard that one before?
What the Lord did for us? Forty
percent
have it. Sixty
have on that one.
It blessed my little girl. One day,
I'll let her on here. She's still too
young. I don't want her on the internet.
There's too many weirdos on here.
I protect my Paisley. There are a lot of
strange people.
And I have to say this because the Holy
Spirit said I needed to correct this
real quick. I'm not picking at these
people. I don't know them.
I'm not picking. The Lord said,
"I hope I don't come across gruff.
I'm trying to tell you about other
people. I don't know these
people."If
Sister Billy knew them, but I'm trying
to tell you, I get books every single day
in the mail. On average, how many do you
think on average, Braden? Five. Five at
least. I'm not trying to
exaggerate. So, I'm just trying to
be real with you. On average, five books a
day.
Five books a day from somebody trying to
get me to sponsor their book so that
they can make money.
That's a five. It's average on a
big day—over
ten.
And I have bookshelves full.
I didn't realize how many people would
do that. And I'm telling you, big ones,
huge authors, big people,
wanting you to read their stuff and
promote it on your channel. And
so, but this was what I asked for.
But I made that a point to tell people
because Diana said, "You
make it clear
because we get bombarded with it."We get
bombarded by it. And so I was doing
that for my wife, but sometimes I come
across as a jerk.
And the Holy Spirit, when
I'm talking, corrects me. And he said,
"You need to be softer,"because I
hear him. He's
fussing at me in my spirit. And so I'm
being corrected as I'm talking. And so I
have to make that clear that these
people didn't do that. I asked for this,
I asked for that. But I'm
doing it because I get bombarded with so
much of it.
And you will never see it.
Like I said, I have
bookshelves
in the garage.
It's absolutely incredible: products,
t-shirts,
investment ideas, cryptos—trying to get
me to sponsor their crypto that they
made up, trying to get me to...
what is it? Network marketing. You
wouldn't believe the network marketing.
I have everybody from Amway—I don't
know, not Amway, but I'm just saying
that's how big it was back in
the day. But I'm saying how many
different network marketing, like
MLM,
of people trying to sell you
something,
trying to get you to sponsor
their product on your channel so that
they can, and they promise you
the moon and the stars,
"Please, and I'll make you rich."And I'm
like,
"No."And
that's why I probably come across
too aggressive tonight, and I apologize
if it did. I have to say that
I hope y'all understand my heart. I
protect the anointing.
I protect the gift.
Okay,
if they're still here, people are like,
"I can't believe him."Well, two days in
my shoes, you would.
So, glory to God. So, let's pray a
little bit and then we'll close it. We
have
30 minutes. Man, that took 35.
Did you enjoy hearing that at all? I
go, "Oh, good Lord."Time keeps on
ticking. Time keeps on ticking into the
future.
We'll make it short tonight. We'll come
back tomorrow. I'm sorry I took so long.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for your
hand on us. Is there anything you want
to show us tonight, Lord?
Yeah.
He just said, "Yes, Brandon, tell
them
the best is yet to
come."The
best is yet to come. That's what he
just said.
When I was praying, he said,
"Brandon,"I
said, "What do you want me
to say?"He said, "Tell them the best is
yet to come.
Days of heaven on
earth."Days
of heaven on earth, stories and
visitations like I just told you
in
your own personal lives.
Days of heaven on earth. The Lord said,
"The glorious outpouring of his
church."Anything
else, Lord?
"Expect,"he
just said, "expect restoration
of homes
from this day forward. Expect
restoration of marriages.
Expect restoration of households.
Wayward children are coming
home."He
said
wayward children are coming home. He
just said,
"What seemed to be impossible will soon
just be
possible."This
is where we are right now, said the
Lord.
He has great things in store.
Believe him for bigger financially.
Believe him for bigger financially. Believe him for your healing tonight.
Believe him for exceedingly
abundantly above all that you ask or
think tonight.
Believe for the experiences of the Lord
in
your services. Believe for the glory
in your services. Church
unusual.
Church unusual.
Oh, angelic aid and assistance.
Angelic aid and assistance.
That's what's going to happen.
Entertaining angels unaware.
The angel armies are there.
There's a great assignment.
Remember the wall.
Angels on assignment. Angels
on
assignment.
Glory to God.
He said, "The people are coming,
Brandon. The people are coming. I see
them coming. They're coming. They're
coming in hot. Major events are about
to take place. Major events are about to
take place, and it's going to shake
everybody at a great pace."Watch. A
great pace is about to start. Watch.
Watch. A great... and they're coming in hot
like a fastball. Be ready. Be ready.
The church bells are ringing. I see the
church bells ringing right now. I see
the church bells ringing.
There's fire in the altar. There's fire
in the pews. There's fire in the altar
and there's fire in the pews. Get ready.
God's going to do something with you.
Get ready.
Daily seek him. Daily seek
him.
Oh, I see the snow. I see before
the first snow. You see the first snow.
You see the snow falling. I see the snow
falling.
What's that about?
He'll wash you white as snow. He'll wash
you white as snow. He'll wash you white
as snow. Oh, the snow is so beautiful,
isn't it? What is all that snow, Lord?
The snow. I see the snow.
Yeah. Watching the advancements of tech.
Watching the advancements of tech. Great
advancements of tech. Remember the
chips. Remember the chips. Great
advancements with new chips.
A new type of chips.
Not like Doritos. Chips.
Okay.
I see an evergreen tree. I see an
evergreen tree. A major, like a huge, like
one of those sequoia evergreen trees. Those
massive trees.
I've seen this before. Remember that?
What was that about?
No. The ones in California.
Do you remember the ones in California, those
massive redwoods? Those massive... I see
those massive trees again.
It's been so long since I've seen that
in the spirit.
Don't know.
This tree...
remember the fire.
The fire. Yes. The fire on the seed.
The fire on the seed.
This tree is going clear into the
clouds.
You can't even see the top half.
What is that, Lord?
Okay.
Okay,
no.
Amen.
California is so highlighted to me
right now.
California is so highlighted to me right
now.
His
grace is on thee. His grace.
His grace.
His grace says, "I see
a grace explosion.
It's trying to flip
red."I
see red, a red wave. I see red.
I see red all over this. I see
red.
I see red all over California. I see red
all over California.
What in the world is that,
Lord? What am I seeing, Lord?
"People
being fed up,"is what he just said.
"People being fed up.
Celebrities losing their influence.
For a turning of the tide concerning
celebrity influence, for there will be a
great move of my spirit upon Hollywood.
A great move of my spirit upon
Hollywood. And great celebrities you
will see that will come to their knee
and they will worship me,
for I've come to set the captives
free."I
hear him say, "I've come to set the
captives
free."Great
celebrities you will see that they
will go to their knee, and there will be
repentance within them. I see a
great move of the spirit of God upon
Hollywood.
I see a great move of God upon Hollywood
with A-list celebrities.
I'm talking supernatural. It's
like a great metamorphosis
will take place in some of these
celebrities.
I see
the guy that played
in
Parks
and Rec—what's his name?
Chris...
he's a born-again Christian,
Chris. He gets radical.
Do you know who I'm talking about?
Guardians of the Galaxy guy,
Chris Pratt.
Chris Pratt,
he is a radical. He gets radical.
I see this man on fire on another level
of Jesus.
Watch Mel Gibson.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say,
"Watch Mel Gibson, for a great, great move
of my presence will come. Pray for Mel
Gibson
with this new Passion of the Christ
movie.
I'm going to visit Hollywood,
and I see key people
with a fresh fire within
them."Chris,
a fresh fire, greater
influence, greater stirring
inside. Pray for this man. Pray for this
man, Chris. Pray for this man. A fresh
revival inside of him. A fresh revival
inside of him. Pray for this man, Chris.
I see his face so bold before me.
"Do you hear me, son?
A great revival
is coming within a day to Hollywood, and
you'll see A-list celebrities."I see
one. I see the
Kardashians,
a shaking in the
a shaking, a shaking in the
family.
All of them.
All
of
them.
I see them, Lord. I see them.
A great, great awakening in them,
for it stemmed clear back to their
generations.
Armenian,
a
great, great, great, great, great revival
within them,
a shaking in them.
I see them.
They'll be great mouthpieces:
Kim,
Kourtney,
Khloé,
Kendall, and Kylie.
I see a great revival within them, a turnaround in
the Kardashians. A
great, great revival within them.
I see a revival in Kanye again. I see a
revival stirring up within them, and they
will be a great mouthpiece.
You've
got to pray for them.
You must pray for them. I
see a revival. God is going to use them.
And
Bieber,
they're all connected there. I see
it's like
they're all connected.
Kris,
and then I see Billy
great strongholds of satanic things
that
hold them.
I see a revival coming to Hollywood.
Help them to stay strong, Lord.
Help them to stay strong.
Visit them in
the midnight hour.
Behold, the Lord can make all things
new.
Great celebrity influence
will help things turn more red.
People have had enough,
and it will affect the music industry.
It will affect the music and sports on a
greater level.
I hear LeBron James will retire.
What in the world am I hearing?
All this
stuff flowing into me. I see something about
sports, about certain key figures calling
them kings. They'll be
dethroned. What is this, Lord?
Some of these people are
pompous.
He says,
'And there'll be a humbling
within.'But
the olive press that makes them...
some of these people
are so hungry. They're
looking for authentic.
And the old wood will burn
the hottest. I hear the spirit
of the Lord say,
'The old wood will burn the hottest
there.'It's
dry
wood, and it will burn.
I see the glory of the
Lord burn and turn,
and they'll have major
gatherings in these celebrity mansions
as a place of privacy, as a revival will
break out in celebrity mansions.
A shaking's coming.
And there'll be key
figures and they'll be
mouthpieces,
and they'll use their
mansions for gathering places. And
the Holy Spirit will move in these
gathering places,
and
great blessing and finances
will flow. I see great tech industry
leaders
becoming radically born again. I see
Silicon Valley, great tech
voices
becoming
radically born again. Huge tech
people—I
don't even know who these people are,
but I see they have big homes and they
have big influence. And God's going to
use big influence to bring big influence
for Him.
That's what the Lord says.
And this would be concerning celebrities
and the
secular
music industry;
they'll get
radically born again, big names. And
you say, 'How? They're so tangled up with
the devil.'Oh, they'll hit rock bottom.
You watch, God's going to touch them.
He knows how to get you.
For the heart of the king is in the hand
of the Lord.
The heart of the people is in the hand
of the Lord,
and He works on hard cases.
And
I see Him breathing on them.
Do you know how you see a piece of ember
from the
fireplace,
and the flame's
out, but you breathe on it
and
it
glows?
That's what they look like, and I see the
Master, Jesus, blowing on
them
and the fire starts.
I just want to camp here just a little
bit. I like looking at it.
I like looking at Beverly Hills. I like
looking at
people getting born again. I just
like to camp there.
I like to see the faces. I want to know
who they are.
I see the Hollywood Hills,
Bel
Air,
Brentwood.
I hear those names. Bel
Air
will have a major Holy Ghost
moving of God, and
Brentwood.
And it will look like a revival will
break out even in the country music
industry.
There's so many of them that have a
saving knowledge of Jesus, and God
is going to blow on the country music
industry with revival.
People will become really radical.
And this will have a huge impact on the
younger generation.
This will have a huge impact with the
youth.
What I'm seeing, I'm seeing a revival
within the youth.
God is calling your sons
and your daughters, the young
generation.
Watch—I'm
talking this young, young 20s all
the way down to the teens. I'm talking a
major Holy Ghost revival is coming
to
your young men and your young women, with
Holy Ghost revival in the college
campuses, high
schools, and middle schools. Watch
what God is about to do with the children
and the youth.
The devil has been after the youth, and
I'm telling you, God's coming after him
harder.
I see a revival in the youth.
Pastors, make a place for the
youth to
have revival.
Like the young Davids,
they'll
be dancing before the
Lord. It's going to be glorious. The Esthers,
the Hannahs—watch
what God's
going to do
with the youth, the revival in the
youth. I see huge stadiums full of youth
gathering and worshiping.
It's going to be beautiful. This is
going to be amazing, a glorious
outpouring.
Three days in
a row He's given us something amazing,
hasn't
He, about revival and things
coming.
Hallelujah.
I hear the sound of an abundance of
rain.
Great YouTubers,
celebrity
YouTubers—great
revival in celebrity YouTubers.
Even whenever you know, you see this
young man, what you're telling me about
Scammer Payback, a great revival
even in them. His face has come up
before me, and I'm telling you, Braden,
even with Scammer Payback when
he comes on here, our channel, God is
fixing to stir him and use him in a
great way.
He was on here.
God is going to stir and use this man in
a great way. I see his face right now.
And I'm telling you, God is going to use
you, sir, in a great way. He's going to
use you for a great purpose.
And He'll give you great
favor even with other big
YouTubers, and you'll be a... if you allow
Him to use you, He'll use you in a
greater way.
Great glory as He
pours His spirit upon you because you're
hungry.
I'm telling you, I see this man.
He's just barely tiptoeing in, but he's
fixing to be taken to the deep. Glory
is going to take him to the deep, his
whole family.
But it's for a greater purpose.
He's called him to the kingdom for such
a time as this. What started to be
a hobby and for fun
will be used for great glory in the days
ahead.
Arise and shine, for the light has come
and the glory of the Lord is risen upon
this man.
A stirring
on the inside
of him. I see a stirring on the inside
of you. It feels like a whirlwind, a
mighty rushing wind of the Holy Ghost,
and fire is visiting you today in the name
of Jesus.
I hear the sound of an
abundant change coming in your
household. A change is coming.
Glory to God. I see a turning
on the
inside of you
with Holy Ghost and fire, and the name of
Jesus on him.
And it will spring forth like
fruit. I see the
springing forth. First the blade, then
the ear, then the full corn. And it's going to keep
springing forth out of you.
And the glory of the Lord will soar.
God is using great YouTubers in a greater
capacity with great influence.
Some of them right now even are very,
very, very worldly, and the Lord is
going to breathe fire on them.
I'm telling you all, I see a revival
coming on the youth.
I see a revival coming on the youth
tonight.
More of an exposing of sex trafficking
with the young people. An
exposing of these pedophilia rings
is coming. More exposing.
It will stem from what happened in New
York today. The Lord just said it will
stem from what happened in New York
today. There
are
very dark people that will be
exposed as they go through those
SIM cards.
And it won't... this is not just about
America. There'll be a revival in the
youth all throughout Europe.
There'll be a revival in the youth in
Europe. And it will start... I see a
revival in the youth in the Catholic
Church. And this will spread
like wildfire.
He said, 'I see him. I see the Lord
lighting. Set my heart on fire. I want more
of you, God.
I want more of you, God.
Set a fire down in my soul that I can't
contain, that I can't control, because I
want more of you, God.'I hear
them
singing at the stadium where those kids
are:
'Set a fire down in my soul that I can't
contain, that I can't control. I want
more of
you.'I
hear them singing.
You know what song I'm talking about?
I hear the song playing in the
atmosphere
and I see him singing on the stage,
Kari
Jobe
and Elevation Music. I see there's
more music. I see the youth.
I see concerts there. I see
youth in big stadiums,
renting out places. They're going to do
concerts more and more. I
see worship events.
That's interesting; I'm seeing
little pieces of this, and I see college...
I see college with this, with
Erika.
There'll be like worship events in big
stadiums
with Charlie's wife.
Do you hear me?
His wife... his wife... there'll be
worship events with like Kari Jobe and
these. They're going to
have concerts.
They're going to have events with the
youth.
I don't see them debating; I see
them having worship
experiences—a
revival on the college campuses all
around, in
the arenas
where the college kids would
go for
basketball. It's a closed, indoor event,
but they're worship events.
But I see Kari, and I see
other worship leaders going along with
this Erika girl.
She'll speak at them. She's... that woman's
going to speak—the blonde girl,
the one they say is like the
Esther. I do; I see her, Braden. And
she's going into these things and
they're having worship events.
It's like Passion
Nights. It's like Glory Nights,
and they're holding their cell phones up
like they do. They're doing
this,
but it's like a concert. It's like
a
revival.
And it sets hearts ablaze. 'Set my heart
ablaze that I may burn for you. Set my
heart ablaze, Lord, that I may burn for
you.
Set a fire
down in my soul that I can't contain,
that I can't control. I want more of
you, God.
I want more of you,
God.'I
hear it.
I hear it. And they're all wearing the
same t-shirts.
'Set a fire down in my
soul.'I'm
watching the events
as
I get caught up in
the
vision the Lord showed me. I'm watching
the events and I see them spreading like
wildfire throughout the nation.
I see that blonde girl, Erika. I see her
speaking, but they're worship
events. They're stirring
the people up, causing revival. There's
a
revival coming. There's a great
revival coming,
and there'll be worship
events.
This is beautiful,
with
the college kids.
It will take on a different shape.
It will look different than what it was
before.
It will look different than what it did
That's what it looks like.
Praise the Lord. I just had my own Holy
Ghost moment, y'all.
I'm
just having my own little
service over here. I forgot
I was
on the livestream. I really did;
I got so caught up in it. I
know I'm talking to a camera, but my
spirit
is
over there.
I'm with them. I'm hanging out with
them because I hear them singing. And I
was hearing the kids worship. I hear the
college kids worshiping, and it
was beautiful. It was a cappella at
times, and they were just letting it
flow, and the Spirit was moving in there,
and the kids were having a revival. These
young men and women were having
a
revival on their college campuses,
and I was just with them. I was excited
to be there. I was just like, 'This is
fun, huh? Praise God. I'm just
there.'And
I know you're not there, but I'm
there.
So, excuse me for a minute. I was just
listening. I'm watching what's going on
in
our nation right now, and I'm seeing
it spread, and I'm seeing it going to
Europe. I see this movement
going
into Europe, in
the
coliseums of Europe.
People in England
and all over Europe are having
a
revival.
Hallelujah.
You say, 'Well, what about
war?'Well,
what about it? We need to pray for it
not to happen. This is beautiful, what
I'm seeing.
'Set a fire down in my soul that I can't
contain, that I can't control, 'cause I
want more of you, God.
I want more of you, God.'It's awesome.
Praise the Lord.
It's such a break for me because I
usually see so many dark things. In the
last couple of days, the Lord just
allowed me to see some really fun
things. A Holy Ghost
revival in Hollywood.
I'm expecting to see the Kardashians get
born again now, folks. I'm talking about
a
radical move.
Glory to God. It's starting to
subside a little bit. The vision is
lifted.
It's almost 12 o'clock, and I
understand why. Glory to God. Thank you,
Lord, for all that You've done here
tonight.
For such a short little time, I've
had
my little thing
here. Well, praise the Lord. Glory to
God. I'm excited about it. I'm excited
about what I just saw. I just say, 'Well,
praise the
Lord.'Glory
to God.
Glory to God.
Set a fire down in my soul.
Praise the Lord. Well, I don't know if
you got heavy, but I did from what
I just saw. And I know you're not seeing
it, but I apologize that I
didn't
try to explain more. You know, just
like you're seeing all this stuff, the
glory is coming on these kids, and I'm
just there, and I get lost in it. I just get lost in
what the Lord
is
doing over there. I've seen it.
Praise the Lord,
all throughout this world.
Well, praise God. Praise the Lord. I'm
excited about Hollywood. I saw Mel Gibson
and the new movie. My goodness,
folks. Good days—days of heaven on
earth. Hallelujah. Well, if you're new
here, welcome. Welcome. Praise God. I
ask you to subscribe. Help me
get the gospel spread throughout the
whole world, and we'll pray more
tomorrow.
I'm still there.
Oh, Father, we love You.
That's the way it's been for me today.
If you could subscribe,
click the subscribe button, click the
like button, write a nice comment
down below,
we're so grateful for every single one
of you. Every single one that is here
tonight
on this late, late evening. We're burning
the midnight oil here in Central
America. We're burning the midnight oil.
Praise the Lord. And so we're so
grateful for every single one of you. My
goodness, I'm just over there still.
Hallelujah.
Oh my goodness.
Did it come through the camera?
Like I said, I try so hard
to tell you what I'm seeing and what the
Lord is allowing me to look at. And I'm
just like, my goodness. And I don't want
to be a hog and not tell you—you
have
to tell the people what
you're seeing. But I'm so fascinated
with all these kids and this young woman
rising up as an Esther. God is going to
use this young lady in a mighty way, not
just a little bit. And then I see
Scammer Payback, and the Lord showed me
this kid, this man, I don't know.
I'm telling you, I know he
watches, but I don't watch his stuff.
But I'm telling you, God is going to
use this man. And I'm seeing these
people, and God's going to use great
influence on these young people. I don't
even know how old these people are, but
I'm telling you, they're young. God's
going to use them
if they just say yes. And I see
the Kardashians. I see Kanye. I
see all these people. I'm talking major
stirring inside of these people again,
Chris. And I'm like, "Wow, Lord, this is
going to be wonderful.
This is going to be
wonderful."I
don't know when. I expect tomorrow. I
expect tomorrow. I expect right now.
Maybe they're watching, I don't know.
But it would be neat if they were. If
you are, welcome. It's nice to meet
y'all.
Excited to see what God's going to do
with your life. I'll be watching
from the sidelines, praying for
you—and
not from the sidelines, I'm going to be
in the mix of the
thing. But when it comes to you all,
I'll be fascinated to watch and see
what you do, be like, "Hey, this is
exciting because you have huge
platforms. What is God going to do with
you?"I
even pray for Benny Johnson to
have a major radical move of God.
Candace
Owens to have a major move of God.
You know,
they're big voices with big platforms.
All we need is a spark.
Praise the Lord. Well, I'm glad I came
tonight. I almost didn't because it was
so late, but I told you I would. And so,
I'm going to go read this book and
I'll tell you more about it tomorrow.
"I've Been to Heaven"is the book's name.
"I've Been to Heaven."We'll see what
happens with it. I'm excited about it. I
asked for it, and it came today in the mail. But
we'll see.
We love you. We truly do. We're excited.
I don't know how to close it.
I'm still so excited about everything. I
don't know how to
close it, but I know it's late and
people want to go to bed. They're like,
"We're ready to go to bed. Can you shut up?"There
are
7,000 of you. I'm
telling you all, what I'm seeing
is
amazing right now, and it's awesome.
I'm excited about it. On the 24th—it's actually fixing to hit the 24th
here—I'm
just telling you all, I'm
seeing a major revival tonight. And I'm
telling you, this Erica girl,
Charlie's widow, is about to
have an encounter with Jesus like you
wouldn't believe. And I'm telling you,
God is going to pour His Spirit out on
her. We think it's big now.
I'm telling you, Holy Ghost
experiences. I see Kari
Jobe
singing.
I like her music, too. But I'm telling
you, Elevation
stuff like this, the worship for the
young people, stirring the young people.
And I saw LeBron James—he's going to
retire.
I don't know what that was all about.
Something's about to happen, and
he'll say, "So long,
farewell."He
was wanting another title, I believe,
probably.
But
Oklahoma City Thunder, baby!
I don't know why I'm even talking about
basketball, but there's something
to
what the Lord
showed me tonight. I keep praying into
it.
And then you saw California turn right.
Oh yes, California started to turn, and
people... I said, "What's
that?"They
said, "People are fed up, and you're going
to see a rising, a glory
move throughout Hollywood. And you're
going to hear celebrities that are going
to be
really
vocal."Well,
I believe God.
Why not?
Praise God.
Hallelujah.
Pray for our nation.
We're on the walls to
pray for our nation. Pray for
these elections,
praying into it. I saw it trying to flip
to a stalemate government, and the Lord
said, "You must
pray."Remember
what He said? Don't sit down
and take your foot off the gas.
Just like it was when we humbled
ourselves
and prayed and we saw a turnaround this
last election, we have one in
2026.
Don't let it be a fix. Pray
for
a red wave,
a
red revival.
Praise God.
I'm excited, y'all. I'm telling you,
I'm seeing college campuses on
fire for Jesus, and it's going to be
amazing. So, I am anticipating a
major move of God from all the stuff that
I'm seeing tonight. The Kardashians...
Billie—because
I know she has demonic
music sometimes—I'm telling you, I
started seeing her face. What was that
about? Did she get radically born again?
But I saw Billie's face
and I'm like, pray for her
to have a major move of God. Billie
Eilish,
that's who it was.
I saw her face. And I don't know why I
saw her face, but I'm telling you, I'm
believing God because when I was seeing
the Kardashians get born again, I saw
Billie's
face come up behind them. And I
thought, "What in the world?"because
she's
seen a lot of dark music stuff. And I
thought, "Well, why not?
Why
not?"Her
and her brother get radically born
again and start singing for Jesus.
Why not?
And then as I saw, I
saw celebrities coming up out of the
back, and they were having
meetings in their homes, their massive
homes. And then I saw a move of God
in sports people and in country
music artists, a major country music
artist revival.
This was something to
be seen tonight. And I was there going,
God said, "I'm going to use the
celebrities."I'll
even believe for Taylor Swift. I
mean, you know what I'm saying? She
won't be Taylor Swift anymore; she'll be
married to the guy at the Chiefs. But
why not?
"Oh, Brandon, you're just way too far out
there."Yeah,
I am.
I am because I know how big my God is,
and He can do exceedingly abundantly
above all that I dare ask or think. And
you'll go, "My goodness, it's all hands
on deck."But wouldn't that
be something?
Wouldn't that be something?
Instead of Billie Eilish singing "Bad
Guy,"she
starts singing "Bad
Devil.""Bad
devil,
he's a
bad..."Sorry.
Whatever, man. It
could happen.
It could happen.
Glory to God. I
just believe it could. Believe big. Help
me. Believe with me. Believe with me.
And we'll pray for these people.
So, we love y'all. We'll see you again
tomorrow. Remember, put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much, and we love you. God
bless you, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.